This README lists the prerequisites, steps etc. to run the programs to generate the representative keyword subset for an academic conference occurring over a couple of years.

1. The file <generate_largest_component_from_keywords.py> contains the program to generate the representative keyword subset for an academic conference occurring over a couple of years. The program needs the html data files to be stored in the parent folder in a folder called \<html\>. The files for the individual years are to be stored in the folders for each particular year like <2017>, <2016> etc. The file name is the DOI of the paper.

2. The file <tfidf_extract_keywords_and_generate_largest_component.py> contains the program which implements TF-IDF algorithm to extract keywords for each paper and generate the representative keyword subset for an academic conference occurring over a couple of years. The program needs the text data files to be stored in the parent folder in a folder called <text>. The files for the individual years are to be stored in the folders for each particular year like <2017>, <2016> etc. The file name is the DOI of the paper.

3. The file <topicmodel_generate_model_and_extract_keywords.py> contains the program which uses topic modelling to extract keywords for each paper of a particular year for an academic conference occurring over a couple of years. The program uses the Gensim package for topic modelling and spaCy package for lemmatization. The program needs the text data files to be stored in the parent folder in a folder called <text>. The files for the individual years are to be stored in the folders for each particular year like <2017>, <2016> etc. The file name is the DOI of the paper.

4. The file <webcrawler.py> contains the program to download keyword details from the IEEE website for a series of papers with sequential DOIs (usually for a particular conference for a particular year). The program uses a <conference_details.txt file> which stores the year of the particular conference, the starting DOI and the number of papers in that particular year to download the keyword information. The program needs a folder with the name of the year i.e. <2017>, <2016> etc. to store the downloaded files. The file name is the DOI of the paper.

5. The file <generate_ascii_text_from_pdf_complete.py> contains the program to process pdf files and convert them to ascii text. The program uses the pdfbox library (https://pdfbox.apache.org/) to extract the text from pdf files. The extracted files are then converted from unicode to ascii text. The program needs a folder prefixed with the string <pdf_> and the name of the year i.e. <pdf_2017>, <pdf_2016> in which the pdf files for that particular year need to be stored. The extracted files from pdf will be stored in folder prefixed with the string <unicode_> and the name of the year i.e. <unicode_2017>, <unicode_2016>. Then from the <unicode_> folders, the text files are read and converted to ascii text. The ascii text files will be stored in the folder with name of the year i.e. <2017>, <2016> etc. The file name is the DOI of the paper. These ascii text files are used for keyword extraction for both TF-IDF and Topic Model programs.

